
My understanding about this product is 

1. A user wants to create a company and he creates a company

2. And the user may have multiple products in his mind, and he wants to add his product idea or product in this and he adds it

3. And then the user wants to assign AI employees as per the suggested hirarchy or his own pattern.

4. Then he creates the AI agents and names it as per his wish like CEO , marketter etc various roles.

5. User can build multiple agents and multiple sub agents thats open to him, he can even delete the agents.

6. Then he assigns the tasks for each and every AI agents and he can also create another agents and assign the workflow rules like once agent 1 task is completed agent 2 should follow the task and then agent 10 ... etc like wise

7. User configures the tasks and workflows of his own or we have to give him super workflow based upon his needs (he can do alterations in our predefined flow)

8. Then the user starts the task, and the Agents works, if the user wants approval system when agent 1 complets its task the user can verify and approve so that the task moves to the next agent... or he can simply run and see the final copy of tasks completed report by all the assigned agents.

9. First thing we have see what the user wants, he may want 

Industry Wise Opportunities
1. Healthcare

2. Legal Industry

3. Chartered Accountants & Tax Consultants

4. Real Estate

5. Manufacturing

6. Retail Shops

7. Schools & Colleges

8. Recruitment Agencies

9. Insurance

10. Agriculture

11. Logistics

12. Construction

13. Small Business Owners

14. Senior Citizens

15. Personal Productivity Assistant

16. Software company

We have to analyse his needs and provide him AI suggested best ai agents and workflows with multiple options.

the user can adopt our finest ai agents , tasks and workflows or he can create his own or he can do alterations with ours

And mainly tasks, based upon his industry we have to provide all types of tasks to him, he can enable to use our predefined tasks or he can create his own.


